Add a few notes to release.md doc (#14326)
conda/conda: RELEASE.md

> [!NOTE]
> The [epic template][epic template] is perfect for this; remember to remove the **`epic`** label.

> [!NOTE]

> A patch release is like a regular i.e. you follow all the steps in the process as you would for the main release. The `rever` activities required to be run during a patch release process might be less than for a regular release, as patch release usually includes small number of changes mostly made by `conda` maintainers themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A patch release is like a regular, i.e., follow the same steps in the process as you would for a regular release. Most patches are authored by existing contributors (most likely maintainers themselves) so running `rever <VERSION>` may succeed on the first pass.
```

2. Run `rever --activities authors <VERSION>`:

    > **Note:** <!-- GH doesn't support nested admonitions, see https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925 -->

>     > `<VERSION>` means `YY.M.[$patch_number]` through out this document (e.g. 24.9.1).</br>

Reviewer: We already have a very similar note at the very top of this file. Can this be combined?
